Fig1a - Mean impedence values for xCELLigence assays involving donor-derived NK cells. 
Data files are sorted by 158V/F (VV,VF,FF) genotype. 
Files are further divided internally by trastuzumab concentration (trz conc.).

Fig1b - Average percent lysis, derived from impedence loss at X hour divided by full lysis impedence loss.
Data files are sorted by 158V/F (VV,VF,FF) genotype. 
Files are further divided internally by hour.

Fig1c - Mean impedence values for xCELLigence assays involving donor-derived NK cells. 
Data files are sorted by 48L/H/R (LL,LHR) genotype. 
Files are further divided internally by trastuzumab concentration (trz conc.).

Fig1d - Average percent lysis, derived from impedence loss at X hour divided by full lysis impedence loss.
Data files are sorted by 48L/H/R (LL,LHR) genotype. 
Files are further divided internally by hour.

Fig2a - Exported FlowJo files for singlet-gated, propidium iodide negative -gated NK-92 cells.
Used to generate histograms showing CD16 expression for different variant constructs.
Files are sorted based on cell type (VL,VH,VR,FL) and anti-CD16 clone (3g8 or grm-1) used in the assay.

Fig1a - Mean impedence values for xCELLigence assays involving NK-92 cells. 
Data files are sorted by transduced construct: 158V48L (VL), 158V48H (VH), 158V48R (VR), or 158F48L (FL).
Files are further divided internally by trastuzumab concentration (trz conc.).

Fig1b - Average percent lysis, derived from impedence loss at the listed hour divided by full lysis impedence loss.
Data files are sorted by transduced construct: 158V48L (VL), 158V48H (VH), 158V48R (VR), or 158F48L (FL).
Files are further divided internally by hour.

Fig2e - Percent of dead target cell (channel overlap between w3, w4, without w1) of total target cells (w3 without w1).
Files are sorted by cell type (NK-92 cells transduced with CD16 constructs of VL, VH, or FL variant) and E:T ratio.
Files are further divided internally by experiment and frame.

Fig3a - Exported FlowJo files for singlet-gated, propidium iodide negative -gated, CD56 position-gated NK-92 cells.
Used to generate histograms showing CD16 expression under different conditions of the assay.
Files are sorted based on cell type (VL,VH) and assay conditions (no tar = stimulated with trastuzumab but no target,
no ab = stimulated with skov-3 but no trastuzumab, abtar = stimulated with skov-3 and trastuzumab).

Fig3b - Geometric Mean of Fluorescence Intensity (GMFI) values for CD16 staining of NK-92 cells expressing different CD16 constructs.
Taken 8 hours after cytotoxicity assay.
Columns are sorted based on cell type (VL,VH,VR) and experiment number 
Rows are organized by assay conditions (no tar = stimulated with trastuzumab but no target,
no ab = stimulated with skov-3 but no trastuzumab, abtar = stimulated with skov-3 and trastuzumab).
(Below) Results normalized off the no tar condition.

Fig3c - Positional data (POSITION_X, POSITION_Y, POSITION_T) for tracks (TRACK_ID) overlayed on images.
Files are seperated based on cell type (VL,VH).

Fig3d - Twenty highest duration (Duration, number of frames active) tracks were computationally calculated from
listed values in the "tracks" files. Positional data (POSITION_X, POSITION_Y, POSITION_T) was then taken from
the "spots" files to generate plots. 

Fig3e - "total_tracks" are travel displacement values (MAX_DISTANCE_TRAVELED) collected for all tracks
of the respective cell type (VL,VH). "killer_tracks" are just the tracks pulled from NK-92 cells recorded
as having made a kill during the serial killing assay.

Fig3f - Per cell type (VL,VH) and experiment, columns, the number of NK-92 cells with 1-6+ target cell kills was logged

Figure 4 - Entry positions in the data files for both 4b and 4c reference the same conjugate pair. Eg, the MTOC
distance and the perforin distance for the first entry of the VL column in "fig4_b_ab" and "fig4_c_ab" describe
the same cell.

Fig4b - Distance of maxima pericentrin staining to interface divided by NK-92 cell radius 
for cell conjugates collected from cytotoxicity assays,
Files seperated based on assays with or without rituximab, internally seperated by cell type (VL,VH,FL), columns.

Fig4c - Distance of centroid perforin staining to interface divided by NK-92 cell radius 
for cell conjugates collected from cytotoxicity assays,
Files seperated based on assays with or without rituximab, internally seperated by cell type (VL,VH,FL), columns.

Figure 5 - Column positions in the data files for 5b, 5c, and 5d reference the same cells. Eg, the 1st column
for "fig5_b_VH" and "fig5_c_VH" describe the same cell.

Fig5b - Staining areas in microns squared for IRM footprints over time.
Files sorted by cell type (VL,VH)

Fig5c - Staining areas in microns squared for anti-CD16 fluorescence over time.
Files sorted by cell type (VL,VH)

Fig5d - Staining areas in microns squared for ICAM1 fluorescence footprints over time.
Files sorted by cell type (VL,VH)

Figure 6 - Indo1AM bound to calcium divided by Indo1AM unbound, over time. Data is normalized to the first
30 seconds (pre-stimulation).

Fig6ace - Donor-derived NK cell data, divided by genotype and stimulation method (columns).

Fig6b - 3g8 stimulated data. Files divided by cell type (VL + zeta VLz, VH + zeta VHz). 
Internally, columns seperate experiments.

Fig6d - SKOV-3 stimulated data. Internally, columns seperate cell types (VLz, VHz), whether trastuzumab was added
to targets, and the experiment number.

Fig6f - 221 cell stimulated data. Internally, columns seperate cell types (VLz, VHz), whether rituximab was added
to targets, and the experiment number.

Fig6g - CD48/CD58 knockout 221 cell stimulated data. 
Internally, columns seperate cell types (VLz, VHz), target type (WT or knockout),
and the experiment number.

